moreover he made a bronze altar 20
cubits was its length 20 cubits its
width and 10 cubits its height then he
made the see of cast bronze 10 cubits
from one brim to the other
it was completely round its height was 5
cubits and a line of 30 cubits measured
its circumference and under it was the
likeness of oxen encircling it all
around tend to a cubit all the way
around the sea the oxen were cast in two
rows when it was cast it stood on twelve
oxen three looking toward the north
three looking toward the west three
looking toward the south and three
looking toward the east the sea was set
upon them and all their back paths
pointed inward it was a handbreadth
thick and its brim was shaped like the
brim of a cup like a lily blossom
it contained three thousand baths
he also made ten Labour's and put five
on the right side and five on the left
two washing them such things as they
offered for the burnt offering they
would washing them
but the see was for the priests to wash
him and he made ten lampstands of gold
according to their design and set them
in the temple five on the right side and
five on the left
he also made ten tables and placed them
in the temple five on the right side and
five on the left and he made 100 bowls
of gold furthermore he made the court of
the priests and the great court and
doors for the court and he overlaid
these doors with bronze
he set the see on the right side toward
the southeast
then Hurom made the pots and the shovels
and the bowls so Hyrum finished doing
the work that he was to do for King
Solomon for the house of God the two
pillars and the bowl shaped capitals
abhar on top of the two pillars the two
networks covering the two bowl shaped
capitals which were on top of the
pillars four hundred pomegranates for
the two networks two rows of
pomegranates for each network to cover
the two bowl shaped capitals Arbor on
the pillars he also made cuts and the
laborers on the carts one sea and twelve
oxen under it also the pots the shovels
the forks and all their articles here on
his master craftsman made of burnished
bronze for King Solomon for the house of
the Lord in the plain of Jordan the king
had them cast in clay moulds between
succoth and zarada and solomon had all
these articles made in such great
abundance that the weight of the bronze
was not determined
the solomon had all the furnishings made
for the house of god the altar of gold
and the tables on which was the
showbread the lampstands were their
lamps of pure gold to burn in the
prescribed manner in front of the inner
sanctuary with the flowers on the lamps
and the wick trimmers of gold of purest
gold the trimmers the bowls the ladles
and the senses of pure gold as for the
entry of the sanctuary its inner doors
to the most holy place and the doors of
the main hall of the temple were gold